README.md, before:

# Robot Icons Transfer

this code transfer icons from the icons folder to the icons folder of material icons based on where the extension is

## How The Code Works

the code works by using shutils library </br>
the code ask the user where to put the icons: (either wpilib or default vscode) </br>
after couple of questions to determined where to put the icons the code will put all of the icons there

## How To Excecute

this is a simple python code </br>
using `python __init__.py` command in a cmd in the workspace folder will run the code </br>
after running the code you will need to copy the content in [settings](settings.json) and add it to either the workspace settings or the user settings

## Important Note

if material icons update their version of extension the code will not works as the vscode folder name change by the version </br>
if this is happening all you need to do is to put the extension version name in [\_\_init\_\_](__init__.py#L5) in the materialIconVersion variable

## Questions

for any question feel free to ask me [@Tomer-3431](https://github.com/Tomer-3431) </br>
and thank you for using my custom icons

## Contribute and Sources

- [Material Icon Theme](https://github.com/material-extensions/vscode-material-icon-theme)
- [Wpilib](https://docs.wpilib.org)
- [Material Design Icons](https://pictogrammers.com/library/mdi/)
- [Arm icon created by smalllikeart - Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/robot)
- [Chassis icon created by Freepik - Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/chassis)
- [ctre](https://store.ctr-electronics.com/)
- [ICONFINDER](https://www.iconfinder.com/icons/6843343/automation_gripper_machine_manufacturing_robot_robotic_technology_icon)
- [Paths icon created by Freepik - Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/way)
- [Subystem icon created by Freepik - Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/system)
- [Limelight](https://limelightvision.io/)

Commit message:

add contribution to readme
for intake and shooter

README.md, after:

# Robot Icons Transfer

this code transfer icons from the icons folder to the icons folder of material icons based on where the extension is

## How The Code Works

the code works by using shutils library </br>
the code ask the user where to put the icons: (either wpilib or default vscode) </br>
after couple of questions to determined where to put the icons the code will put all of the icons there

## How To Excecute

this is a simple python code </br>
using `python __init__.py` command in a cmd in the workspace folder will run the code </br>
after running the code you will need to copy the content in [settings](settings.json) and add it to either the workspace settings or the user settings

## Important Note

if material icons update their version of extension the code will not works as the vscode folder name change by the version </br>
if this is happening all you need to do is to put the extension version name in [\_\_init\_\_](__init__.py#L5) in the materialIconVersion variable

## Questions

for any question feel free to ask me [@Tomer-3431](https://github.com/Tomer-3431) </br>
and thank you for using my custom icons

## Contribute and Sources

- [Material Icon Theme](https://github.com/material-extensions/vscode-material-icon-theme)
- [Wpilib](https://docs.wpilib.org)
- [Material Design Icons](https://pictogrammers.com/library/mdi/)
- [Arm icon created by smalllikeart - Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/robot)
- [Chassis icon created by Freepik - Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/chassis)
- [ctre](https://store.ctr-electronics.com/)
- [ICONFINDER](https://www.iconfinder.com/icons/6843343/automation_gripper_machine_manufacturing_robot_robotic_technology_icon)
- [Intake icon created by Freepik](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/vacuum-cleaner>)
- [Paths icon created by Freepik - Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/way)
- [Shooter icon created by Sympnoiaicon](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/ammunition)
- [Subystem icon created by Freepik - Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/system)
- [Limelight](https://limelightvision.io/)
